README.md, before:

# Data Driven MySQL CRUD Operations Class
This package aims to provide common Create, Read, Update, and Delete functionality in a Data Driven Data Access Layer, leveraging NPM's 'mysql' with JavaScript Promises in a Utility Class. Check the Usage section below for available MySQL based CRUD functions. 
## Setup
## Usage
## Developer Features
## Test Suite
## Todo
- Testing Suit with Mocha
- Debugging Mode
- Find with Filters
- Create One
- Create Many 
- Update One by ID
- Delete One by ID
- Delete Many with Filter
- ReadMe Usage Section
## Supporting Materials
Any Documentation or Resources used through out the development process will be recorded in this section.
- ### Investigation
    - Intro to Node.js MySQL found on [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/nodejs/nodejs_mysql.asp)
    - NPM's [MySQL](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql#performing-queries) Package 
    - JavaScript Classes found on [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes)
    - Clean up a Node Package Exit, [StackOverFlow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14031763/doing-a-cleanup-action-just-before-node-js-exits)
    - MySQL [Select Statement](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/select.html) support 
- ### Project Setup
    - JSDoc Comments for JavaScript Intellisense found on [MSDN](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/create-jsdoc-comments-for-javascript-intellisense?view=vs-2015)
    - Markdown Syntax found on [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/)
- ### Debugging
    - MySQL 8.0 connection from JavaScript issue - [Solution](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50093144/mysql-8-0-client-does-not-support-authentication-protocol-requested-by-server)
    - MySQL Workbench Administration, [Server Logs](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/workbench/en/wb-mysql-connections-navigator-instance-server-logs.html) | [Metrics Categories](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-em-plugin/en/myoem-metrics.html)
    - Dynamic use of Table name causing Escape Query Value issues - [Solution](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals)

Commit message:

Added Mocha with Setup, Teardown, and Test Connection Unit Test

README.md, after:

# Data Driven MySQL CRUD Operations Class
This package aims to provide common Create, Read, Update, and Delete functionality in a Data Driven Data Access Layer, leveraging NPM's 'mysql' with JavaScript Promises in a Utility Class. Check the Usage section below for available MySQL based CRUD functions. 
## Setup
## Usage
## Developer Features
## Test Suite
## Todo
- Testing Suit with Mocha
- Debugging Mode
- Find with Filters
- Create One
- Create Many 
- Update One by ID
- Delete One by ID
- Delete Many with Filter
- ReadMe Usage Section
## Supporting Materials
Any Documentation or Resources used through out the development process will be recorded in this section.
- ### Investigation
    - Intro to Node.js MySQL found on [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/nodejs/nodejs_mysql.asp)
    - NPM's [MySQL](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql#performing-queries) Package 
    - JavaScript Classes found on [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes)
    - Clean up a Node Package Exit, [StackOverFlow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14031763/doing-a-cleanup-action-just-before-node-js-exits)
    - MySQL [Select Statement](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/select.html) support 
    - Implemented [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) as an Unit Testing Framework
    - Global Setup and Teardown using [Mocha Hooks](https://mochajs.org/#hooks)
- ### Project Setup
    - JSDoc Comments for JavaScript Intellisense found on [MSDN](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/create-jsdoc-comments-for-javascript-intellisense?view=vs-2015)
    - Markdown Syntax found on [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/)
- ### Debugging
    - MySQL 8.0 connection from JavaScript issue - [Solution](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50093144/mysql-8-0-client-does-not-support-authentication-protocol-requested-by-server)
    - MySQL Workbench Administration, [Server Logs](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/workbench/en/wb-mysql-connections-navigator-instance-server-logs.html) | [Metrics Categories](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-em-plugin/en/myoem-metrics.html)
    - Dynamic use of Table name causing Escape Query Value issues - [Solution](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals)
